Chore: Add more information for Optional chains + methods (#779)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/web/providers/ethereum.md

Example code can be found [here](https://github.com/wagmi-dev/references/blob/main/packages/connectors/src/walletConnect.ts#L134) and further documentation on namespaces can be found in this [spec](https://docs.walletconnect.com/2.0/specs/clients/sign/namespaces).

> The below example shows the usage of passing through with mainnet Ethereum with the id `1` into `chains` and optionalChains of `5`for Goerli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below specifies Ethereum Mainnet  (chainId `1`) as a required chain via `chains`, and Ethereum Goerli (chainId `5`) as an optional chain via `optionalChains`.
```

```typescript
await EthereumProvider.init({
  projectId: process.env.TEST_PROJECT_ID,
  chains: [1], // chains added to required namespaces
  optionalChains: [5] // chains added to optional namespaces
  ...
})
```

Another example of those that want to pass several optional chains:

```typescript
await EthereumProvider.init({
  projectId: process.env.TEST_PROJECT_ID,
  chains: [1], // chains added to required namespaces
  optionalChains: [5, 56, 137, 10, 100] // chains added to optional namespaces
  ...
})
```

## Required and Optional Methods

> With Ethereum Provider, it automatically passes through the `eth_sendTransaction` and `personal_sign` through the methods. For those that want to use extra methods, we recommend passing this through `optionalMethods`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `EthereumProvider` specifies `eth_sendTransaction` and `personal_sign` as required methods. For those that want to request additional methods for the session, we recommend passing these through `optionalMethods`.
The default behaviour for the required methods can also be overridden by specifying the `methods` option directly.
```

For more information of the source code, please refer to [here](https://github.com/WalletConnect/walletconnect-monorepo/blob/v2.0/providers/ethereum-provider/src/EthereumProvider.ts#L167). This optional passing is them consumed in our Sign Client [here.](https://github.com/WalletConnect/walletconnect-monorepo/blob/v2.0/providers/ethereum-provider/src/EthereumProvider.ts#L277)

```typescript
await EthereumProvider.init({
  projectId: process.env.TEST_PROJECT_ID,
  chains: [1],
  optionalChains,

>   optionalMethods: ['eth_signTypedData', 'eth_signTypedData_v4', 'eth_sign'], // DIFF HERE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  optionalMethods: ['eth_signTypedData', 'eth_signTypedData_v4', 'eth_sign'],
```
